adds clock exercise (#39)
exercism/unison: docs/INSTALLATION.md

## Unison workflow

> When you want to write Unison code, you'll issue the `ucm` command to start the codebase manager. The UCM will then observe changes to any `.u` suffixed file in the directory where it is called from. For example, you might be implementing functions in a file called `scratch.u` in a directory called `~/Exercism/unison/myExercise/`. You should `cd` into `~/Exercism/unison/myExercise/` and run `ucm`. This will ensure that the UCM is watching your `scratch.u` file for changes.

Reviewer: I think the default is lowercase for the `exercism` directory and exercise slugs are all in kebab-case:

```suggestion
When you want to write Unison code, you'll issue the `ucm` command to start the codebase manager. The UCM will then observe changes to any `.u` suffixed file in the directory where it is called from. For example, you might be implementing functions in a file called `scratch.u` in a directory called `~/exercism/unison/my-exercise/`. You should `cd` into `~/exercism/unison/my-exercise/` and run `ucm`. This will ensure that the UCM is watching your `scratch.u` file for changes.
```

If you're ever confused about what directory the `ucm` is watching for file changes under, it's printed in the welcome screen upon starting the cli.

```

> 👀 I'm watching for changes to .u files under /Users/myUser/Exercism/unison/myExercise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👀 I'm watching for changes to .u files under /Users/myUser/exercism/unison/my-exercise
```
